NIFI-13721: Migrating documentation into the NiFi UI (#9288)
apache/nifi: nifi-docs/src/main/asciidoc/developer-guide.adoc

UI exposes a "Help" link in the top-right corner, from which the same
Usage information can be found.

> The advanced documentation of a Processor is provided as an HTML file named `additionalDetails.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The advanced documentation of a Processor is provided as a Markdown file named `additionalDetails.md`.
```
